Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to create the loading spinner and we are going to be able to show the
user the error if there is any.
And also we will be able to log into the customer.
Homescreen Okay.
And I know that to do this we're going to need to go to the customer login screen and the first step
is to create a boolean variable, but you can see already have it over here.
So we said it's loaded and it is a type of bool.
And the reason for this is because the value is either a true or a false.
Okay, now over here we are going to need to say immediately the login user's button is clicked.
Then we want to set stage.
Said State and we want to start loading.
So we're going to need to say a slowdown is equal to.
True.
And.
We need a semi-colon.
And after the account has been successfully logged in, we then want to set it again in order to update
the UI and it's loading.
Slowdown is going to be equal to force.
We basically want to stop the load and spin this country and save.
And over here.
At Syncrude.
We have already done that because we basically copy this code, but you can see it over here.
So if it is loading than is equal to true, we want to return a circle circle progress indicator and
the colour is going to be White House.
We just want to keep on returning the test.
Okay, great.
And now you can try and save him.
Click on this.
Okay.
You can see the loader spinner now and it has the colour of white.
So now what we're going to do is we're going to be able to log in to the customer home screen not to
do this.
Although there.
Over here.
We're going to need to store the results in a variable and the variable should be similar to that we
have over here.
That is the race OC, which is the short form of results.
Right.
So customer log is screen controller and B and over rest is equal to this.
And we have to specify it is a type of string because the test, the hero is a test.
Right.
Okay.
Great.
And we can then have a check so we can say if.
Race is not equal to success.
The sources we are sorry is not.
It's not equal to, says the sources we are basically referring to is the sources we have over here.
If it is not equal to sources, it means there is an there is an error, right?
Okay.
If it is not equal to success, we then want to return the snack bar.
Snug bar to the user.
The fire.
We have to pass in the rest.
And had a semicolon has it means the user has been successfully logged in.
We then want to return.
Return Navigator.
If we made a mistake in the cost in the London customer screen.
So once I return, navigate to that of contest.
Dot what's that push?
Okay for the roots.
This is going to be my Syria page.
Page roots.
Content and B and contests.
We can specify it is a type of beauty contest, which it is.
Okay.
And now we need this.
And over here, we want to return the I think you've seen this before, right?
Once we return to the customer home, make sure you don't mistakenly type login, but customer home
screen.
Great.
Now over on the customer page or the customer screen, this is not going to work returning just the
customer on screen.
So it's only just the customer login screen.
It's not going to work.
We have to tell a floater that we want to push to the next screen.
So we're going to need to say navigator.
You can easily just copy that.
Navigate to.
Na ve so now ve he gives her.
That of contests.
So it's push we are pushing.
And matt, syria.
Page routes or routes and iPhone assets and contests.
Then this is going to be what's viewed contest.
And now we can.
Return.
The customer.
Customer.
Customer longest screen.
Okay.
So now what we're basically saying.
If the user had successfully created an account.
We then want to take the user to the customer logger screen or else if there is an error.
We just want to show the user the error.
So this is basically it.
And then once the user has been.
Navigate it to the login screen.
Beauvais And yeah, we're basically saying if the account has been successfully logged in.
And we are saying if it is not equal to success, it means that it's an error.
Or you can just turn this over so you can say is equal to equal to success.
And this should be here and this should be right.
Hopefully you understand this.
Right.
Okay.
Great.
So if it is not quite a success, we then want to show the user the error and if it is equal to success,
we then want to take the user to the customer or screen.
Okay, now use this and that is what we start.
And we can then try this out.
Come true and be.
Then in the customer of screen.
What we can do for now is we can return a scaffold and let's have access to lots of property scaffold.
And for now we can have just a body which is going to be a center widget and.
The child then tests.
Which is just going to say on screen.
The newcomer is culture and save.
Okay.
And we can try this out.
This should be like the.
So Mark Paul.
Or you can just create an account again, like at Gmail.
G.M..
It's calm.
And the password is this.
Make sure it is correct.
Okay.
And login.
Sounds good, right?
Okay.
You can see now we have this.
We can just sigh hard.
The coma and sti test i.
Font size should be 22 and font weight.
One size.
That's okay.
Okay.
Great.
Sounds good, right?
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.